hi I'm Christina Swihart and welcome
back to the online Auto Show with BMW of
Murray today I'd love to introduce you
to the beautiful pre-owned 2011 335 is
coupe in alpine white this 335 is has
more power more options and more
features than ever before let's jump to
the front and see what's under the hood
underneath the hood of this 335 is
you'll find a twin turbo 3.0 litre
inline-six engine that will get you 320
horsepower and 332 foot-pounds of torque
it also has an overboost function that
will allow for seven second blasts up
three hundred and seventy foot-pounds of
torque it has a double clutch manual
transmission and this 335 is gets a
great gas mileage for a sports car with
options like M sport suspension this 335
is is going to give you a 10 sport
capabilities up front we'll find
beautiful 19-inch double spoke alloy
wheels and the tires have tons of tread
left on them this car even comes with a
clear bra to help keep this beautiful
Alpine white paint nice and protected
this 335 is is still equipped with its
factory warranty which is active until
September 25th of 2014 or 50,000 miles
not only does this 335 is comes with
tons of power it also comes loaded with
options with beautiful black surface and
beautiful silver trim up on top here
we'll find navigation and it also comes
with Harman Kardon sound system which
sounds beautiful when you turn your
radio on
we'll find automatic climate control and
it comes with packages like the
convenience package the Premium Package
as well as the cold weather package so
give you nice warm during the winter you
can control that right here up on top
here we'll find an M Sport steering
wheel with paddle shifters and this Park
has just over fourteen thousand one
hundred miles on it it's in amazing
condition up on top here we'll find a
moonroof that you can open with just a
simple touch and down below in the
center console we'll find an iPod and a
USB adapter you can control your I Drive
right here with this control and over
here we're going to find beautiful black
dakota leather seats that are in
excellent condition
this car is in amazing shape and has had
only one owner and has no reported
accidents you schedule your
unforgettable test drive in this
beautiful 335 is call me kristina
Swihart at eight zero one five nine zero
seven five zero nine helping make you an
informed shopper